hey guys this is Chris link icon again
I'm Chris Lincoln this is
we're gonna show you a little bit about
a snowmobile today can you tell us what
snowmobile you have here Levi let's go
to the front here you got a good picture
let me show you a little bit about the
snowmobile today you guys got this Nobby
and good luck maybe you learned a few
things or two all right that we're just
gonna show you a few things about the
snowmobile today you can see here it's
an Indy why don't we open it up you got
some storage here you open this up I
just want to show us a few things here
like you did earlier what's that good
for you know if you're going through
cattails or anything we're know it will
keep small things out of your air box
you don't want yeah you don't want to
get that stuff in your motor yeah hey
where's that gas you know where the gas
goes in know what's wrong with the gas
is right there yeah you guys don't know
that if you don't know that you guys are
having trouble here and so you don't
have too much gas right now but he'd get
some eventually what else can you show
us oil maybe was right there
thank you guys make sure that say keep
your oil full all right at least cool
somewhere around there how about
something else what else you got around
in here that's your antifreeze anti-free
is why do we want that that will keep
your motor nice and cool won't let it
overheat yeah pretty self-explanatory
it's like a vehicle you guys you know
not too much more to a snow build on a
car like you said you got your exhaust
here it's a pretty beastly pipe you know
pretty much takes over the front of the
snowmobile just in case something
happens actually that's why spark plugs
here and then maybe leave I can take
over on the left side you want what's
over here
that's a belt right there Bilby that's
nastier really yeah
we got you know most players players is
really good I don't know about other
small deals but I have a players myself
you always come with the backup most of
the time this one even comes with a few
backup spark plugs that's pretty awesome
if you ask me four of them kill and
there only needs three right yep
so I mean well most most newer ones
actually
yeah they don't you know most new
snowmobiles they run on two spark plugs
that's just because they're a little
built you know for toughness you know
pretty pretty beastly motors if you ask
me why don't you shut it and everything
go over a couple things yeah you guys
are probably asking what's wrong with
the snowmobile we'll go over that in a
little bit you know no windshield but
yeah okay what's this right here
yeah mine was a little bit bigger on
external do we have some yeah you
probably want a lot of that with you
sometimes I'm going on those deep
trailblaze and as my dad would call it
600 bucks in there if you don't have
spark plugs actually screw it then you
might as well not bring one but if you
got you know he has extras you might as
well bring them there might be a time to
get screwed here and then what's nice
about this I just love the players setup
here they got the temp and the oil and
brake leave the be our case that's for
brake high beams celery acceleration
acceleration whatever I don't have that
on mine you guys might think I'm dumb
but whatever that's basically a
snowmobile might as well go over what
happened here you know here's how you
turn it on you guys can't really turn it
on right now we've got problems can't
turn the clutch well you want to go over
what happened
just going through something a little
too fast hit a big bump and he fell off
he rolled a bit he said and it looked
like it's gonna be a fun on the side it
looks like I mean as you can see here we
have a little bit of some hit no windows
we got a little problem here
yeah that happens I guess when you got
someone Beale they call them death
machines in some places right yeah you
know everybody always has issues with
that ain't too much more as you can see
here it's little bent on the front for
me it's probably cuz I fell on this side
we can see if some crimp to you it fall
on its left side you said you think so
it's got enough for my book and got some
problems here this should be an easy fix
in my book on this you know it looks
like it's you know give it a little kick
that and still pretty good it looks like
that's the Indies you know Indy
Smallville it's not too bad actually I
mean a thing how fast could it go I
didn't say how fast could go and I say
you had to say how fast they go and it's
pulling out the pork in this thing
already
yeah that's it this is Chris link that's
Levi starkness here there's another
Chris link calm tutorial on a flare
snowmobile thanks for watching